Improve wording of the .md files (#219)
h2oai/driverlessai-recipes: air-gapped_installations/README.md

# Air-gapped Installation of Custom Recipes

Air gapping is a network security measure used to isolate one or more computers from unsecured networks, such as the public Internet or an unsecured local area network. This ensures that the secure computer network remains physically separated from external, potentially unsafe networks.

This guide walks you through the installation process of Custom Recipes in an air-gapped environment.

## Prerequisite 

> - Two DAI installations are required: one on an **Air-Gapped Machine** and the other on an **Internet-Facing Machine**. These terms will be used throughout the document for clarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Two H2O Driverless AI installations are required: one on an **Air-Gapped Machine** and the other on an **Internet-Facing Machine**. These terms will be used throughout the document for clarity.
```
